President Biden has already begun his
meeting with Israel's prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu the two leaders had
these comments before they went behind
closed doors for more
talks I want to thank you for coming
here
today and for the unequivocal support
you have given Israel during these
trying
times a support that reflects the
overwhelming will of the American
people I've seen your support every day
in the depth and breadth of cooperation
that we have had since the beginning of
this war a level of cooperation that is
truly unprecedented in the history of
the great alliance between our two
Nations we see that support and your
steadfast commitment to provide Israel
with the tools we need to defend
ourselves we see that support in the
clear message you've sent our enemies
not to test our resolve and in the two
American barrier battle groups that you
sent to the region to back up those
words with action but above all Mr
President the world sees that support
and the moral Clarity that you have
demonstrated from the moment Israel was
attacked I was deeply saddened and
outrage by the uh explosion at the
hospital in Gaza yesterday and based on
what I've seen it appears as though it
was done by the other team not not you
but there's a lot of people out there
not sure so we got a lot we got to
overcome a lot of things and it also
means encouraging life
saving uh capacity to help the
Palestinians who are innocent caught in
the middle of this and uh well anyway
that's that's who we are not just me but
I mean that's who the United States is
and uh um it's just not the example of
our power it's the power our example
that's almost as important the world's
looking we uh Israel has a value set
like the United States does and other
democracies and uh and they're looking
to see what we're going to do